README.md, before:

# Rachel Reilly |  Software Engineer

This is the repository for Rachel Reilly's portfolio site.

## Tech Stack

- React.js
- Next.js
- SASS
- Express.js

## Projects

### Sliced

A recipe app that scales up and down ingredients.

![](/assets/slice-down.png)

[View project](https://sliced.rachanastasia.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/sliced-client) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/sliced-API) ◇ 
[View Medium article](https://rachanastasia.medium.com/a-tale-of-three-string-parsing-algorithms-ed62a13bc62b)

### Spaced Repetition

A language learning app that uses the spaced repetition technique

[View project](https://spaced-repetition-dun.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/spaced-repetition-client) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/spaced-repetition-server)

### One Dimensional Chess

A two-player One Dimensional Chess game

[View project](https://one-d-chess.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/one-dimensional-chess)


### GraphQL Bookshelf

A full stack GraphQL project that allows users to filter books by author, rating, or genre

[View project](https://bookshelf.rachanastasia.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/graphql-bookshelf-client) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/graphql-bookshelf-api)


### Loan Calculator

[View project](https://loan-calculator-two.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/loan-calculator) ◇ 
[View Medium article](https://rachanastasia.medium.com/usestate-vs-usereducer-9bbfca768f51)



### Init

A social media platform for developers to share their work

[View project](https://init-rachel.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/init) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/init-api)

Commit message:

fetches rss feed in api and console.logs xml

README.md, after:

# Rachel Reilly |  Software Engineer

This is the repository for Rachel Reilly's portfolio site.

## Tech Stack

- React.js
- Next.js
- SASS
- Express.js
- [rss-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rss-parser)

## Codebase 

### /api

This folder contains a simple Express.js API with one endpoint

#### index.js

Sets up Express.js app

#### getMediumArticles.js

Gets and parses the RSS feed, preparing the data for the response 

### /client


## Projects

### Sliced

A recipe app that scales up and down ingredients.

![](/assets/slice-down.png)

[View project](https://sliced.rachanastasia.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/sliced-client) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/sliced-API) ◇ 
[View Medium article](https://rachanastasia.medium.com/a-tale-of-three-string-parsing-algorithms-ed62a13bc62b)

### Spaced Repetition

A language learning app that uses the spaced repetition technique

[View project](https://spaced-repetition-dun.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/spaced-repetition-client) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/spaced-repetition-server)

### One Dimensional Chess

A two-player One Dimensional Chess game

[View project](https://one-d-chess.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/one-dimensional-chess)


### GraphQL Bookshelf

A full stack GraphQL project that allows users to filter books by author, rating, or genre

[View project](https://bookshelf.rachanastasia.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/graphql-bookshelf-client) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/graphql-bookshelf-api)


### Loan Calculator

[View project](https://loan-calculator-two.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/loan-calculator) ◇ 
[View Medium article](https://rachanastasia.medium.com/usestate-vs-usereducer-9bbfca768f51)



### Init

A social media platform for developers to share their work

[View project](https://init-rachel.vercel.app/) ◇ 
[View client repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/init) ◇ 
[View server repository](https://github.com/Rachanastasia/init-api)
